 Types of insufficient data 
1. Data from a single source - Check with the stakeholders 
2. Data keeps on updating - EIther increase the time or shift the objective.
3. Outdated data - Find a new data set 
4. Geographically limited dataset - Get more data 

You can identify trends with the available data or wait for more data if time allows
You can talk with stakeholders and adjust your objective
Or you can look for a new data set.

Some more solutions to data shortages 
1. Data issue 1: no data
   - Gather the data on a small scale to perform a preliminary analysis and then request additional time to complete the analysis after you have collected more data. 
   - If there isn’t time to collect data, perform the analysis using proxy data from other datasets. This is the most common workaround.

2. Data issue 2: too little data
   - Do the analysis using proxy data along with actual data.(If you are analyzing trends for owners of golden retrievers, make your dataset larger by including the data from owners of labradors.)
   - Adjust your analysis to align with the data you already have. (If you are missing data for 18- to 24-year-olds, do the analysis but note the following limitation in your report: this conclusion applies to adults 25 years and older only.)

3. Data issue 3: wrong data, including data with errors
   - If you have the wrong data because requirements were misunderstood, communicate the requirements again.
   - Identify errors in the data and, if possible, correct them at the source by looking for a pattern in the errors.
   - If you can’t correct data errors yourself, you can ignore the wrong data and go ahead with the analysis if your sample size is still large enough and ignoring the data won’t cause systematic bias. 
* Important note: sometimes data with errors can be a warning sign that the data isn’t reliable. Use your best judgment.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


Sample size - Part of the population that is representative of the entire population. 
Drawback - Sampling bias (Opposite of the above) b 

Margin of error - Since a sample is used to represent a population, the sample’s results are expected to differ from what the result would have been if you had surveyed the entire population.

Confidence level - How confident you are in the survey results. For example, a 95% confidence level means that if you were to run the same survey 100 times, you would get similar results 95 of those 100 times. 

Confidence Interval - the probability that a population parameter will fall between a set of values for a certain proportion of times. Analysts often use confidence intervals that contain either 95% or 99% of expected observations.

Statistical significance - the claim that a result from data generated by testing or experimentation is likely to be attributable to a specific cause. A high degree of statistical significance indicates that an observed relationship is unlikely to be due to chance.


Few things to consider while calculating the sample size.

1. Don’t use a sample size less than 30. It has been statistically proven that 30 is the smallest sample size where an average result of a sample starts to represent the average result of a population.
2. The confidence level most commonly used is 95%, but 90% can work in some cases. 
   
Increase the sample size to meet specific needs of your project
- For a higher confidence level, use a larger sample size
- To decrease the margin of error, use a larger sample size
- For greater statistical significance, use a larger sample size

WHy is the minimum size kept 30 in a sample 
Central limit theoram - According to this theoram, as much data as we take, soon it starts to resemble a guassian curve. 30 is the smallest possible size to which this is applicable.

- Larger sample sizes have a higher cost
- There is always a trade off while deciding the sample size.

